Add GHCP modernization tip to upgrade (#53405)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/sdk-errors/netsdk1138.md

To resolve this error, change your project to target a supported version of .NET.

> [!TIP]

> > You can use [GitHub Copilot modernization](https://aka.ms/ghcp-modernization/dotNET) to assess, plan, and upgrade your project to a supported version of .NET.

Reviewer: Fixing link

```suggestion
> You can use [GitHub Copilot modernization](../../porting/github-copilot-app-modernization/overview.md) to assess, plan, and upgrade your project to a supported version of .NET.
```
